For about three months we were feeding this formula and the Senior formula to our 18 year old Gilligan, mainly because he has a very long list of health issues that we try to sidestep like landmines and I strongly believe the prescription foods sold at the vet office are nothing but crap.  I have researched and studied dog foods for several years now and although I believe Canidae is one of better foods out there, Gilligan began having seizures just weeks after he begun eating it and we now home cook his meals.  Gilligan has not had seizures in his lifetime, so we were baffled when all of a sudden he developed a pattern of having a seizure about 3 4 hours after his meal.  His vet said that the pattern made sense to her, because ammonium levels are highest in the blood about 3 4 hours after eating and if the liver doesn't process the protein efficiently, it can definitely cause seizures in the  ain.  The day I stopped feeding him the canned food was the last day he had a seizure, and that was about two months ago.  His vet nor I cannot figure out the connection, but my only guess is that it might have something to do with the quality of the meat they use (better than most other  ands but still not what humans might consider consumable.)  I must also mention that during this timeframe, Gilligan developed a sinus infection that ultimately we had to have cultured to figure out what it was, and it turns out it was e coli and the staphococcus bacteria that was up his nose.  Gilligan doesn't have any eyes so when he eats he gets food all over the place (including up his nose), and he was on antibiotics to clear up the infection.  The antibiotics didn't have any effect at all until we stopped feeding him the food (he was on them for about four weeks while eating the food, and about six weeks on his homemade diet.)  Amazingly, the sinus infection began clearing up exponentially after we stopped the canned diet.  He hasn't had any seizures or sinus issues with his home cooked meals, so we won't be going back to Canidae food in the future.  However, for a dog that doesn't have the amount of health issues that Gil has, I still believe the listed ingredients are acceptable and nutritious.  I am extremely critical and picky about the ingredients that go into our dogs' food and I don't find anything on the Lamb or the Senior formulas that severely throws up a red flag except for maybe psyllium husk, which can be hard on the colon for some dogs with sensitive intestinal issues.