my daughter who is 8 months old is on this meyenberg goats milk from 6 months... all i can say is she is an entirely different baby now.     She was a colicky baby, severe eczema flares now and then (inflammation and oozing most of the time) .. doctors asked me to try different     hypoallergenic formulas which she refused to take just a table spoon in her regular formula.. I gave up hope that she would ever change her formula.     in the process i was reading about goats milk and its various benefits. I spoke to the dietitian gastro doc and her pediatrician but none of them agreed     that i should feed her the goats milk because it is not nutritionally good for the baby. I was very upset because all i knew was my daughter has cow's milk allergy     and she was been fed cows milk despite of the fact it was making her colicky, making her skin worse day by day and she has severe reflux problems. I decided to try this     product and luckily i was able to find it in whole foods.. made one bottle and gave it to my daughter while she was asleep. to my surprise she drank it all and she slept     good for straight two to three hours which never happened in the last 5 months. though she did not liked the taste later and i had to give her with the ratio of one ounce     goats milk to five oz enfamil, now she is doing 5 oz of goats milk to one oz of enfamil. What a dramatic change     No Colic, beteer Skin with no oozing or hyper inflammation (i sometimes apply on her milder inflammation 0.5% cortisone)she is still on pepcid for her reflux but she is doing     better where as her spitting is concerened alomost 0 spitting (before she use to keep on puking now and then). I look at her and thank God for making me decide on this product     as she is a Happy baby now. i can only imagine better for her what will she be like when completely on the goats milk. I have to supplement her with the multi vitamins.     I took her recently to her pediatrician, her GI their exact words (her skin has never been this good before)the dietitian is working on my daughter's diet plan to make sure     she gets all the nutrients which are essential for a growing baby...     I did not wanted to make the trips to the whole foods everytime and pay a higher price for this product when Amazon is selling on a great price of 3 cans.. the shipping is free     and the package arrives right on time before i am out of the stock ( you need to order this product before a week so u never run out of it) The packaging is good and the cans are not     damaged or dented.     Great product     Excellent providers Amazon