So, I have an older indoor cat who has confined herself, more or less, to my bedroom, since our son was born a few years ago.  While in hiding, she put on a few pounds.  I got to thinking about this and the economy over the winter, and realized that it was better all around, to keep her healthy than to have an ailing senior kitty.  I did some research on what a quality cat food should be and came up with some qualifications and went shopping.  I returned with another  and  reasonably priced and fitting requirements.  My cat liked it alright.  And she lost some weight  fast.       It was serious weight loss and I considered rethinking my own diet, but then we found she had fleas!!!  Poor thing had the worst flea infestation ever (ditto my closet and bedroom)!!!!  Apparently this can happen, even after ten years indoors, if outdoor humans  ing flea eggs in on their shoes!!!  I'm told indoor cats often prove the worst flea sufferers  I believe it.  There is no where for them to run or hide.  The flea population explodes fast.       She  dehydrated, anemic and completely exhausted, and dying,  I thought.  She had taken to staying on my window sill and would not touch the ground for anything (where fleas live), but of cousre that would be limitedly safe, too.  Well, I made some trips to the VET and pet stores,  and along with my flea aresenal I purchased some new cats foods to encourage her to eat.  I wanted  something with beef and liver, hoping  to help her get past the anemia.  Beef is harder to find than one might think, but there were a few, including Blue Spa.  I thought it a little expensive, but not when my first baby is so sick!  I opened it  first.  My desparate cat lept off the sill and ran to the kitchen  no lie!  It was the first decent meal she had eaten in days.       Blue Spa Selects start with meat  be it fish, poultry or beef  not meat by products or  oth.  The next ingredient is usually chicken and maybe liver.  After that is is a medley of nice vegetables and fruits and stuff like sweet potatoes, wild rice, cranberries  occoli and blueberries.  The there's all the required nutrients and minerals and such. Sounds like a good meal, now doesn't it?  I admit, I found this concept a little over the top a few year back when I first heard of it.  But, you know, I have had cats who ate vegetables when the opportunity arose (I also had one who LOVED a nice coffee cake before company arrived).  When my sick kitty showed so much enthusiasm for this product, I realized that she must get bored with her food, same as I would.  All the good and different tastes in these little cans could be a new lease on life.  She is still quite thin, but gaining energy, looks good, and loves her new food.       My only complaint is that the beef & liver variety is hard to find (not on Amazon, either, it seems).  We have tried the other flavors, now and they are equally loved.  Also  there's no ginger that I've seen,   a commonly complained about ingredient of a similar  and.  Will be trying other products from this company, soon, once I get rid of my fleas, too.