I have a now 8 month old male Shih Tzu.  When I  ought him home from the  eeder, I kept him on the 'Pro Plan Puppy' tiny dry kibble until the bag was almost finished.  There was about 2 cups left in the bag and he began walking away from his bowl as soon as I put it down.  As a test, I rolled a few morsels across the tile floor in the kitchen to see what would happen...he'd eat about 10 pieces and go  ing me one of his squeaker toys to play with. (Which I was happy with, as I don't want to 'play' with his food as a game to get him to eat).  I went and got him Blue Buffalo dry puppy food (lamb and oatmeal formula), which had bigger size kibbles.  It seemed that he liked the bigger sized items to chew on and the harder antioxidant bits, since he was teething and chewing on his dentabones, venison antler, lamb lung chips for comfort.  Again when I got down to about a quarter of food left in the bag, he would walk away from the bowl   this went on for almost 3 days.  He was still having small bowel movements, urinating, drinking water and playing, running and continuing his successful training exercises; called the vet and they wanted to give me wet venison formula by Science Diet Veterinarian's Diet after the exam, which showed nothing physically wrong.  The one vet tech said that Shih Tzu's tend to be picky eaters.  I didn't pick up the food at their check out counter, left and began some of my own research into the  eed itself and a more natural diet.  I know from some of our outdoor excursions that he's attracted to road kill (he'll sniff the air, and want to lunge for it and would probably eat it if left to his own devices...but I won't allow it).  I remember being a kid in the late 60's early 70's and all my friends who had dogs fed them 1 of 2 choices available back then: Gravy Train or Alpo and they mixed meat or the drippings from the meat; they ate bones, etc and all lived into their late teens.  One of my friends small mutt lived to be 24 years old!!!  I never saw these dogs itching or digging at themselves other than the usual ears or if their was a flea problem, since I grew up in a rural area and most often that was a common occurrance.  Well, I read up on the more natural diets and decided to get the Sojos and ground beef and some boneless chicken thighs  easts.  My Weston isn't a big fan of totally raw meat, but when  owned (I put it in the toaster oven and add 1 4 tsp of 'Missing Link' to the meat portion) with the soaked Sojos Original, he eats with gusto!!!  From his early days, I would play with and take his food away, so he's not food aggressive.  He eats the recommended portion for his size and walks away when done.  Weston then wants to play hard, train hard, take a nice walk and nap.  His coat is soft and easy to keep  ushed and groomed.  The droppings are nice sized and easy to clean up.  I just had him neutered 2 days ago and he ate this Sojos mix with the same gusto (even with the e collar to challenge him).  So I am a fan and we are finished with the second 2.5 lb bag and I just ordered another one.  Hope this helps someone with a picky eater; I know another reviewer mentioned their Shih Tzu not liking it, but this shows you that dogs have certain tastes different from each other, much like us humans.