There are many reasons to reconsider the first foods we give to babies.  The jars and the plastic containers for processed baby food are often difficult to recycle.  The processed food and the dried cereals (wheat, rice, etc.) are nothing more than empty carbs for a society facing a massive problem with the rise of type II diabetes.  Is this anything to give to a 4 month old baby?     To complicate matters, the World Health Organization is now recommending that babies feed on only  eastmilk or formula until baby is 6 months.  The reason is that baby's small intestines cannot process the iron out of other foods until baby is six months.  As any parent can tell you, by four months of age, most babies are wanting to try other foods.     Nurturme baby food can help with all of this.  Each packet makes up about 2.75 oz of baby food, the same amount in a standard baby food container.  The freeze dried food is combined with  eastmilk or formula, so baby can try new foods like peas, apples, squash or sweet potatoes and still get iron a form they can use, while eating a nutritious veggie instead of a starchy carb.  I know carbs are important, but they hardly seem like the best foods to introduce when energy can be supplied from formula or  eastmilk.     The different foods can be combined to make up baby food, for example apples and sweet potatoes together.  Another versatility option is to add a little bit of nurturme to babies bottle, sort of like a baby food smoothy.     The freeze dried packets are super convenient.  They are easier to carry around and store than regular baby food.  After baby is six months, if a parent wanted to add water rather than milk or formula, they can.     The baby food tastes good, too.  Normal baby food peas tastes like horrible canned peas.  If you ever wondered why baby wouldn't eat peas, try tasting that nasty food.  The nurturme peas actually taste like fresh peas (yes, i tried them for myself). I tried all four foods in this pack, and they all tasted like fresh food.  I think that having good tasting, healthy food would be much better to introduce than nasty tasting food.  I am trying to develop good eating habits in my child, after all.