I became familiar with this powder, as well as many other dry products from Barry Farms, when my son was little and we were involved in scouting together.  Even years after he left the scouts I remained involved at the large regional camp here for the boy scouts teaching survival training. And I still do a lot of hiking and camping on my own. Powdered spices, veggies, cheeses, bullion, and various stocks were a staple item on camping trips due to their convenience.  Some of the dry wares were much better than others.  This tomato powder was definitely one that turned out to be consistently convenient and tasty, and thus worthy of recommending.  We used it when we made stews and soups and it added a flavorful tomato taste to the various  oths and stocks.  I would not recommend this product for making tomato soup since its rather costly, and besides, dried soups are easy and cheap for taking along on a hike.  It is best used in enriching the flavor of a soup or stew, whether it be a ready made mix, or one you are making from stock.  It is very rich and surprisingly good.  I took one star off for it is a little costly for only the 2 oz. you get.  But for what its designed for, it is worth the price since you don't use all that much at once.  As I have stated in my other reviews of dried foods like Barry Farm  ands, there will always be a core group of consumers that would never give a favorable nod to a powdered food substitute of any kind.  This powder is definitely not going to remind you of the old home days of native tomato's from Grammas back yard for sure.  If you feel you are one of those that never considered a dry substitute of any kind real food, trust me that this is no time to start feeling like Daniel Boone by trying out this powder.  However if you are one that does a lot of hiking and camping where cooking your own meals over an open fire is a big part of that experience, by all means this tasty powder would greatly enliven that experience.  Just remember its rather strong, and expensive, so use sparingly.  Recommended...