I can't imagine why but it seems that grocery stores have stopped stocking this item. If you haven't tried it you must, it is the best coating mix available and my family keeps asking me to make chicken only with this shake and bake. It has a very different flavor than any BBQ sauce on the market, a flavor all it's own that is really delicious and goes with any side dish. I have made stuffing, mashed potatoes (a favorite) and almost any vegetable to go with it and everyone always has a second helping of chicken.It's perfect for company because it is unique and tastes like something you would cook for a special occasion. I am always afraid that they will stop making it, it really has become a staple in our home and even the most finicky people love it, kids all seem to love it and I love it because it is quick and easy. It's a very unique flavor, I want to say a little sweeter than most BBQ sauces or flavorings but not really sweet , kind of like a honey BBQ but better, that can be used on pork chops as well. There is a plastic bag enclosed to shake it in but I find that more of the mix sticks to the sides and it is very hard to coat the chicken , a lot of wasted mix that way. I put it on a plate a little at a time and add as needed, then I rinse the chicken pieces and kind of lightly roll them on the plate in the coating (shaking a little out of the packet on spots that are not coated) and then place them into a baking pan that I line with foil, it makes clean up much easier after cooking, almost don't need to wash the pan this way.Try to get all the pieces covered especially on the tops because the bottom will come off a little bit from the grease that cooks out of the chicken. Any mix left in the packet I shake on pieces that don't look completely covered and then just on top of all of them. I usually get a package of about 3 or 4 half  easts and a package of 6 thighs and one pack of mix will cover it all if you roll it on a plate. It becomes very sticky when it gets wet so it will stick to the plate, your fingers and of course the chicken pieces. I have also used a little bit of plum jam  ushed on the chicken before coating it and thats very good too, but honestly you don't need to add anything it is delicious the way it is. Cook it long enough to get  owned and crispy and remove it to a serving dish right away so it doesn't sit in the grease and you will be extremely happy with the results. I would really be interested to hear from someone who has never cooked with this before and see what they think.