All 5 of my cats liked both flavors preferring the Chinese chicken to the very watery pot pie. Although it does not state it is human grade, it certainly appears that it is by sight and smell. Both appeared to have a cornstarch based "gravy" with shredded or diced white chicken meat and diced carrots. I took my cats gobbling it down that it was tasty. I was surprised all of them liked both flavors as 2 of my cats are rather finicky. This cat food reminds me of a similar product Whole Foods used to carry in their  and name that I bought on a clearance sale. I alternate buying dry and canned food by Castor & Pollux's (regular and organic), Natural Balance, AvoDern, and By Nature (regular and organic). I feed them regular canned during the week and organic canned food on the weekends. The only issue I have w  this product is the price point. The  ands previously listed range from 5.5 to 6.5 oz. (By Nature only 12 6.5 cans) and none are watery. They cost the same per can or you could view it as almost half price since the weight is almost double. Since I'm feeding 5 cats approximately 3oz. canned per day and all the dry they can eat at about $2 oz., I try to be as cost effective as possible while only purchasing those high quality products which I also consider this cat food to be. If you read up on pet food in general, you will no longer purchase poor quality food such as Friskies, Iiams, Science Diet, Fancy Feast, etc. If you go to PETCO or Care A Lot(they carry better  ands than PetSmart) and read the ingredient list you will be shocked, appalled, and enlightened. Cats do not well tolerate wheat, corn or soy and NO pet should EVER be fed animal by products (see pet food at About.com for more information). Since Amazon currently has a [...] coupon off of [...] purchase, I will likely go ahead and purchase the crab flavor and the mixed fish case. Keep in mind you should limit the amount of tuna fed to your cat as well as to your children and any adult (see FDA website for tuna cautions and listed safe fish to eat). I hope in the future Petite Cuisine produces a more cost effective 5 6 ounce can sold in a 24 can case.