About a month ago, I found a deal on Amazon by which I was able to order two, three lb. bags of this flavor of Fancy Feast and so I set the three lb bags up to come to my house every three months. Then, I was cruising through the Fancy Feast aisles looking for some wet food with cheese in it by Fancy Feast when I happened across these bags. After I read up on these, I decided to cancel the other order and put this in to be delivered at 6 month intervals with Subscribe and Save.     I will be getting more food at one time than I was previously BUT there are some real positives to it for me.     Number one: I like getting my wet and dry cat food delivered to my home. It saves me from tromping off to PetCo so often. When I go to PetCo, I am like a kid in a candy store. They have SO MUCH stuff. I tend to get carried away and buy things I don't need. Now I will be going only once or twice a year to get foods that my kitties cannot get from Amazon. That I can handle.     Number 2: Since these are packaged in 16 ounce packages, I can just rip one open and put in in my Kibble bowl which holds 48 ounces. It takes my kitties quite a while to eat their way through that. Now, I do not have to store open cat food in my closet. With the larger packages, I was doing that. I would mix the flavors to keep the kitties happy with a variety of tastes, but as a consequence had 3 open bags of cat food in my closet. That meant that the kibble got spilled on the floor and I was forever having to pick it up. With these packages, I can still mix the 3 flavors, but will not have kibble dripping in my closet as a result.     Number 3: the kibble will stay fresher. In addition to still providing the kitties with a variety of tastes, I will now always have fresh tastes for them. Lord knows how stale that stuff gets after it sits in a 7 pound bag which is open, for a while. Now the spoiled mousers will always have fresh food which is carried to the door by someone else.     Number 4: Kitties stay healthy. The primary staple of my kitties diet is Fancy Feast Kibble. They each get a can of wet food each evening as a supplement. I do this to increase the fluid intake of the male to keep his urinary tract in good shape. I just had the cats to the vet and he said they are in great health and to keep doing whatever I am doing. So, Fancy Feast Kibble it is.     Number 5: The Ferals like it too. I have one or two feral cats who come to my door each night for their supper. The basic ingredient is Fancy Feast. Needless to say, they continue to show up night after night, so I gather it pleases their palate also.     So all kitties are happy and healthy here. I am really thrilled with this item and will use it as long as it is available.