Our older cat is having some health issues, which I "suspect" could have been caused by pet foods many of us buy in local stores. We've been on a mission to find a healthy pet food we could trust after all the pet food recalls. After going through way too many products trying to find one that did all it claimed to do, we found the PetGuard line of food. This one really does appear to be all it claims to be and our cats are thriving on it! Our older cat loves it and is acting more like a kitten than he's acted in years. Both of our cats fur is silky and smooth and they seem to have endless energy, not to mention they love this stuff! Our youngest cat has digestion problems and most cat foods give him horrible gas.. But not this cat food! He isn't having any digestion problems at all..     Both our cats love the "fish,chicken & liver" dinner but our older cat isn't crazy about the "seafood savory dinner". He'll eat it but much prefers the fish,chicken and liver.     From my point of view, the fish, chicken and liver dinner doesn't smell too bad, but the seafood savor dinner smells really bad!     One problem I have with the food I've purchased from Amazon is that every single can in the case has been dented. I've purchased 2 cases and it's been the same with both cases.. I've purchased this from other vendors and never received a dented can, so this seems to be an Amazon problem.. Not sure why, but some of the cans are really hard to open!     I'm relieved to finally find a food I'm not afraid to feed my pets.. I've read articles about this food that state the meat used in it is a grade that can be consumed by humans. That makes me feel much better about what my cats are eating.     UPDATE:     It's been about a year since we started using this and our older cat is doing very well on it. Amazon was out of stock once when I needed to reorder, so I purchased another organic  and. Not only did our older cat turn up his nose to the other  and, but so did our 2 other cats. They would not eat the other kind, so when Pet Guard was back in stock, I ordered another case and the cats were happy kitties! They all love this stuff.. I think it stinks, but apparently, that's part of the attraction for them.