Carbquik sounded too good to be true, but the price in Amazon (and I am surprised at this for isn't Amazon supposed to be the leader in good deals? Or did I just dream that?) is way too high. I have a need to cut down considerably on my carbs consumption and being the  ead lover and all things requiring flour, really, I was amazed when I read this flour had 90% less carbs than the leading  and (would that be bisquick?). So I bought a box, no sense in wasting money if it was not going to deliver on the promise, and the very first thing I did was a Banana Nut Bread. It came out very tasty but please note the ingredients besides the flour have a lot to do with the final result. Used EasySweet and  own sugar Splenda instead of regular sugar, walnuts pecans and sliced almonds, cinnamon, heavy cream, etc and did about 3 loaves of what I can easily substitute for any banana  ead found in my local supermarket. So that was a score! Next, I tried my luck making oatmeal cookies and these came out pretty tasty and I kept asking myself: "Have I really created the ultimate, guilt free, less stress oatmeal cookie?". This is not a perfect mix, by any means, but compared to what is being offered they seem to be one company that cares for that particular segment and equally deserving, in my opinion, of individuals such as myself and their needs and desires. That alone always elicits an emotional response on my part. I have been known to shed a tear or two of joy in my warm kitchen as I see the final products greeting me hello. Did Waffles and they also came out pretty tasty, have to make sure the ingredients and the recipe are bullet proof. I like to mix the flour with lots of cinnamon which according to science is a great glucose equalizer (did anybody said sugar challenged?, perhaps it is time to realize that sugar can take your joy away together with your teeth, if consumed avidly, which is the way I always consume it until now). So I went to netrition.com where I also buy some very good low carb varieties and was happy with the box. So much, in fact, that I just ordered a new one. I envision a day when the wonderful people of this great country will be able to enjoy sweets without the mortifying thought that it is not too healthy for such nice beings. So Carbquik works and if their nutritional information is accurate it is also a much welcome relief into a world where very little attention is paid and given to the needs and desires of people with some kind of restrictions. Now, don't get me wrong, that does not mean we (I count myself in the list) need to settle for subpar, less appealing product just because the situation demands it. No no no, like the song goes: "you can have your cake and it too" (bob dylan lay lady lay?) and that is exactly what I am intending on doing these Holidays, known for their tempting treats. Carbquik worked for me and I tip my hat (for a bold head must always be protected) to the makers of this helpful product. Not quite 5 Stars but 4.5 Stars For Sure! Happy Holidays and please make sure to compensate all the eating with a walk, swim or a run!