I have a 2 year old Portuguese Water Dog who always seemed to have a sensitive stomach, and a 15 year old Shepherd X dog who was beginning to lose weight, she slept almost all the time, and she was getting very fussy about what she'd eat. (I believe that with a dogs sense of smell they KNOW exactly what is in their food; however they have no choice but to eat what we feed them...just Google what is in most commercial dog foods, and you'll see why your dog may not be thrilled to eat it up...if a dog can detect cancer in a person, they can detect all sorts of other things that aren't supposed to be eaten.) Anyway...I used to feed Purina lamb and rice to my dogs, but I was finding my young Porty was having trouble with it, and my 15 yr old would eat a few bits and then leave her dish. So, I started making their food, and came up with a wonderfully nutritious and tasty recipe. The dogs loved my homemade dog food, and my 15 yr old began putting on weight again, but I didn't always have time to make their food. And, homemade dog food is kind of hard on the wallet. So, I started to research all the natural dog foods out there, compare costs etc. I arrived on Harmony Farms, and guess what...my dogs LOVE it just as much as they love my home made dog food. My young Porty no longer has stomach troubles and she looks great; my 15 yr old finishes her meals and looks for more. Both have shiny coats and energy. No one can believe my old girl is 15 years old. I have told my friends about Harmony Farms dog food, and when they've switched over, they've reported similar positive results. My  other in law's dog had always been a very fussy eater, and had skin problems with a thinning coat. When they started to feed her Harmony Farms, she became an eager eater, more happy and outgoing, and her skin and coat condition has completely cleared up (...I'm thinking she had an allergy to whatever was in her other food, which I think was Iams). Other friends have commented on how happy their dogs are at meal time now...and they had all been feeding their dogs premium, top of the line dogs foods AND paying top of the line prices. Harmony Farms products are very reasonably priced. Not the cheapest dog food on the shelf, but, in my opinion, you are buying the best quality food on the market, so it's an incredibly GOOD DEAL! It may also mean you make fewer trips to the veterinarian's office. I and my friends are so happy we have found this food for our dogs. :)