Sweet Leaf Stevia Extract is powdered, pure stevia.  There are supposedly 400 servings (1 40th of a teaspoon) in a .4 ounce container, so it works out to be a fairly inexpensive natural, non sugar sweetener and dietary supplement   less than 2 cents per serving and 1.5 cents per serving with Subscribe and Save   though it will take you a long time to use up one container, let alone four.  This extract has the sweetness of 300   360 times that of sugar, is a Kosher product, and it contains no additives.  Also the .4 ounce container is fairly small and has a shaker top, so it is easy to carry with you and use if you are away from home.  You could even attach a very small spoon with a rubber band to the container if you wanted to be even more precise with your serving sizes.  I started out using this in tea and I am now using it in my coffee as well.  It mixes fairly well in hot drinks.  It's easy to get used to the flavor in tea, but may take you some time in coffee. I think that it's worth it to take the time to get used to the taste.  The end result is that for every teaspoon of sugar or serving of artificial sweetener that you ingest in your coffee or tea during the day, you will be substituting a dietary supplement that has been shown to be healthy to your gums and in some studies to lower high blood pressure.  Every teaspoon of white granulated sugar has 4 grams of carbohydrates, 4 grams of sugar and 15 calories.  If you normally have 5 teaspoons of sugar during the day in your hot drinks, you would be saving 75 calories per day   a good portion of the recommended 100 calorie per day reduction to help with long term weight loss.  The flavor of this pure extract compares very favorably with that of ground stevia leaf (blehhh!) which if you add it to tea will just float on the surface.  Also as compared with Truvia or other stevia plus other sweetener products, it is considerably less expensive and the taste is pure   not multi layered.  If you want to enhance the flavor and it doesn't conflict with your diet regimen, consider adding a squirt of honey or a dash of table sugar to your beverage.  I am looking forward to perfecting a hot cocoa recipe.  Chocolate and cocoa seem to mask flavors very effectively.  I am not sure how to use stevia for baking.  That will take some experimentation and most likely require combining stevia with other wholesome sweeteners.     In all fairness, I have only tried Truvia once in tea, and I found that it had an almost cooling effect on my tongue and considerably less sweetness than stevia.  Many sweeteners come in single serving packets, and as a result they are considerably more expensive per serving. Why not start with a pure product?