This is our 3rd jug. My dog Loooooves it and eats his dinner out of it every night. Our first two had a rubber rope in them and the first rubber rope was destroyed by a foster puppy who ate everything in sight. The second rubber rope started to dissolve after prolonged coating with kibble crumbs and drool so I figured it was time to buy a third one (that one had been used for almost 1 year at 2 meals a day so it held up to ~700 uses, not bad!). So when this one arrived I was soooo disappointed that it has a cotton  aided rope. Some reviewers prefer this because their dog has destroyed the rubber rope but seems to me that any dog who could chew apart the robber rope could destroy the cotton one too no? Here is my problem with the cotton version. It works at first because it is kind of stiff. I have a very drooly dog who has softened the rope making it harder to get kibble out and in time the  aiding has loosened a bit making it fatter so the other day he could not get anything out and gave up. I was not home but know he must have tried for a LOOONNGGG time before giving up. This is his jug he has successfully used for well over a year so I am sure he was confused why it was not working! My other major beef is that I used to take the rubber rope out to was it by hand or in the dishwasher. The new rope is knotted on both ends and can not be removed (no I can't un knot it) without cutting the rope which I am going to have to do. I am soooo bummed as this was my way of slowing my dog down at meal time. I am now looking for something to substitute for the rope and wish the had left well enough alone!     UPDATE!!! I contacted premier customer service who confirmed (as I suspected) that most people prefer the cotton rope. They however offered to send me a replacement rubber rope that they had left over and they sent it promptly at no charge! They are an awesome company and would recommend trying this  since most prefer the cotton rope you may like it as much as I do with the rubber rope!