All of my family members are fans of fruit jams, jellies, and preserves because they are versatile food products that any person of any age can consume. These food products are also friendly for people with TMJ jaw problems as well. When I tried Hafi's Cloudberries Preserves from Sweden, I decided to try Felix's Lingonberries Preserves, too. Like the other Amazon reviewer said, if you like the taste of cranberries, then you'll probably like this lingonberries preserve. This lingonberries jam has berries in it and looks beautiful as you spread the preserves on pancakes and soft  ead. It's the color red, and kind of reminds me of cranberries, the taste and look of them, especially cranberry dressing and salads during American Thanksgiving meals. Swedish lingonberries are very sweet and tart. My recommendation is to buy both Hafi's Cloudberry Preserves and Felix's Lingonberries Preserves for your household and when you're entertaining guests. Why?   because each person has different tastes, and Swedish cloudberry preserves is more mild with less tartness, and would accomodate the people who wouldn't appreciate the tartness of Swedish lingonberries. If you have both Swedish cloudberry and Swedish lingonberry preserves, then you would cover all your bases in terms of pleasing every family member and guest. When it comes to eating this jam straight from the spoon, personally for me, it is really tart, tangy, and a little strong. While with cloudberry preserves, I could probably eat the whole jar without tasting or sensing a strong tartness. Personally for me, this lingonberries preserves tastes great with vanilla yogurt; it reminds me of Yoplait's fruit in the bottom yogurts. According to Felix, on their jar, they say that these lingonberries ripen during summertime in northern Sweden. The ingredients in these preserves are: wild lingonberries, sugar, and fruit pectin. Felix also suggest putting these preserves on meat. I ordered these jars from the seller on Amazon, and they did a good job wrapping and taping bubble wrap to protect each jar from  eaking during transport. Anyways, I highly recommend trying Swedish lingonberries and Swedish cloudberries preserves. Both of these Swedish treats offer different tastes that are yummy and good!