Raw is eating from your Organic garden of fresh grown fruits and vegetables.It is also all the nuts growing from the mountains that surrounds us through out the land from the forest. Although grown from a tiny little seed that the sun and rain helps in growth it is our heavenly father our creator God who truly makes them grow and should be appreciated for his gift of life to us all and for our home the planet we call earth .     I used to be a true vegetarian then I went to only eating Poultry and some fish and eggs through out the years.Now I will eat vegetarian soup made with some beef stock but I don't care for the meat itself and no pork.     I am still Organic Alternative and Green but I am slowly trying to go back to being that true vegetarian that I used to be however going raw will take a some time because I have a little hard time chewing with my teeth like my friend but after I get my dentures I will be able to adjust into it .Right now I am canning for winter storage.I have dehydrated my whole garden into green super power food that I added to my barley greens. note if you choose to cook get the Fagor Pressure cooker caner That I got it helps make the meals go quicker and is a lot healthier than baking and Broiling or grilling and never fry food.     Well I will let you know how the canning turn out and one day I'd like to make home made all fruit yes that's right not jelly or jam.     Hi Again so far so good I have canned 4 pint jars of my home made spaghetti sauce with 4 of Chili and 4 vegetarian soups with 2 red cabbages and they sealed and are ready for winter when things get rough as around here it is hard to get organics so when I do I get all that I can like I just got up at the farmers market this late fall and then I either freeze them or can them and even dehydrate them.     So I will keep you up to date but I need to try and get some organic fruits and that is hard to get again around here.     well catch ya later as I never say goodbye!Just get this wonderful organic fruit nut and seed mix it has no preservatives and is delicious and affordable and if I can get it you can too. Just remember to soak the nuts and seeds because nature puts some  protective coating on it and they need to  eak down this to be edible and fit for human consumption.