I ordered two 60 count boxes for the candy table at my daughter's wedding, knowing that these would be the ultimate! When we opened the box, the truffles were puckered, and chocolate was inside of the ends of the wrappers.  Some so badly (about 27 28), that I could not put them into the candy jar to take to the venue. The rest were still puckered with indentations on them. But I tried to pick the least worst ones. I opened some up to see how they taste because of the bad quality of them, in wrapped form. They did taste amazing as usual. What an embarrassment at a $30,000 plus venue. I sent an email to Sue"s Shirt Shop and More (seller through Amazon). They informed me that they were perfect at time of shipment, but wanted the order number. On October 3, I provided them the info and told them they were by far not perfect when received, that I did not have them in any heat (that I was home at time of delivery) and wondered how could they tell me they were in perfect condition at time of shipment unless they themselves physically inspected each one. As of this date, I have not heard back. I do know that we paid $10.98 for shipping and handling and would think that USPS was not responsible for their condition; however, only Amazon.com would know that. The issue of shipping never came up. But in the end, the customer (us) got the shaft. For the price we paid, we could have bought each piece individually in a local shop. Unfortunately, we did not know this would happen. I would never order these again, online. We did it because it was the only way to buy boxes of them.  omg, I have now first read other reviews and find that ours, too, did not have the shiny, crisp covering that they normally have. And, yes, there were chocolate stains on the inside of the box they came in. Just like in other orders. I now see that I am not alone in having the problems of quality being far under par. I just wish mine would have been of the correct quality so that it didn't leave a bad impression on the candy table at our daughter's wedding, which was otherwise elegant. Then again, hopefully, it reflected on the quality of Lindor truffles themselves. All I know is that someone should be very concerned. I feel like these were the rejects of their product. And, they probably were...