I bought this cat food because of the wonderful low price and I enjoy they catchy jingle from the commercials. My cats did eat this food, but after reading the ingredients I completely regret purchasing it and feel just awful for feeding it to my cats. The first three ingredients are (which indicates the most prevalent ingredients) are chicken by product meal, corn gluten meal, and ground yellow corn. How disgusting is that?! The main ingredient is a corn filler. Basically, corn is just a filler and causes pets to actually eat more to feel full, poop out more (more for us to clean in the litter box), and retain less nutrients. Most inexpensive low quality foods have lots of these fillers and cheap ingredients with little to no nutritional value. The only meat in Meow Mix at all is a by product, its not even a real meat! By products are the stuff leftover once all the actual meat is harvested. We're talking beaks, chicken feet, eyeballs, even chicken poop! I would not recommend this product to anyone, for any reason, ever. It is an absolutely awful cat food. I suppose you get what you pay for. I recommend to stay far away from Meow Mix, as it is simply a very low quality food. Even though the price is quite inexpensive, your cat will actually eat more than if you paid for a better quality food, because they will never feel full. Cats need to eat meat, and there just isn't real meat in this food. High quality foods tend to be more nutritionally dense, meaning you will be feeding a much smaller amount for the same number of calories. If you do the math to figure out the cost for the number of calories you need to feed your pet, many premium foods are CHEAPER than the awful crap you're buying at the grocery store. When purchasing a cat (or dog) food, the most important thing to consider is the first 3 ingredients; just make sure those first three are decent ingredients that you would eat yourself  provided that you eat a typical (non vegetarian or other restricted) diet. Now that I know what to look for, I usually buy my pets all natural foods such as Blue Buffalo, Halo, Wellness or Natural Balance. All of those  ands contain real, whole meats that I myself would eat, with no added fillers or corn.